hey guys Frank Dixon here I'm here with
summit plan Hollywood halo we're gonna
be doing an informational skit tell you
whether or not you're a noob in Halo and
it's called ten ways self is your new
inhaler now keep in mind that these will
be in no particular order
just whatever order we feel like
questioning the first way to tell
whether or not hearing you is that you
don't know how to cross Jill you know Oh
fine job again hold wrap
hey you know like the sores ago like the
best watching the pain officially heals
you I mean it's like seamless look great
tacular astok amazing I mean gonna back
me okay okay getting like freakin double
kill the crazy I mean I just love it
it's like the best yeah yeah if you're a
new alright and be fuck you know you're
new when you think the shortest amount
you're a noob no no you're absolutely I
knew if you own a territory territory
lost your tongue fuck you all dude do
you want some pull yourself I'll do some
earlier my old territories do double
kill what's up now come on get song I
mean you from it you think I'm nothing
God Wow
you also know if you're new if you think
voice-messaging makes you sound Holden
right black bread hot corner dude you
felt like my hood year old grandma and
she's dead no I got all new you know
you're a noob if you came to take has
more than five numbers in it
all right phantom take the air lift up
and go get this Piper
and you Spartan 0-3 Noli Spartan 7/3 I
Danny what can name you freakin new God
if you think H feels that channel that
your parents walked on your television
you're a new so this is that new movie
on HBO now dude my mom locked that
frigging channel I'm telling a for
little password I can't I can't figure
it out I can't crack the code I mean
like it's retarded dude it's just like a
channel on cable and people gotta put my
pants out watch because of 13 gay god
porn another way you can tell is if you
pick a new combo who's different god
what not like you really need an
explanation for this one it's pretty
much straight forward the Aryan even
halo here level 40 but you talk wait
guys hold on just wait a second my
computer froze hold on I got open up my
phone oh um right each fan line god stop
it oh thank you Jesus Christ I let me
open up my programs here at so long
if you think epistle should meals before
shots and neither scope attachment
possibly in silence there the added
ability to make smoothies then your new
and lastly you know your new if you wear
pink ribbons in here like Yulia that's
right little hey way what
[Music]
hey guys you know like a fruit smoothie
or a Jewish some the coming you may come
check it out